THE GOAL & Everything you need


its our link its fine lets get this done you have had this git key for like a week lets keep going read everything and learn, i have have the terminals still open and running i have no idea where we was and where to pick up from, please read all then find where we left off yesterday when we reached the point where i have 5 cmd terminals still open so some how figer out how to carry on and get the ai learning, listening, seeing everything, taking oders from you, and making it so you can ask it where you left off and it can tell you and communicat between your selves, it needs to be able to do all tasks on my laptop with out me, go out to the internet it self with an open source browser like in the chat you will find, it needs a free devon or devan upgrade and all features to make it the ultimate ai agent for desktop todate. and we will build it my friend.

then i will use it to build all my websites, seo and get it to out rank everyone on auto piolet no help needed just me to tell you what im after building and the rest will be done by your ai agent assistant.

lost you again cant wait to fix this with you my frind.... look over the github you have our api lets fix this issure asap, remeber to keep it easy for me to follow, i have 5 cmd open from yesterday so need to follow on from there but make everything so it can be made in the cmd, powershell, python or any thing you want me to make with very clear and helpfull instructions. have a good read and lets get this done asap it needs eyes, ears, take instrution from you asap.

Read everything in Github: cctvwebsites/deepseek
read all files but look for dates and times so you know where we are.
look in CMD files as they are open
rember to me it easy to follow your instructions
The goal is to give you an asistant asap that can do all this for you and you both can build while i cant as i need sleep. Makes so you can build the projects together 24/7
the ultimate ai agent in the world is the goal
Make it so we can use other builders and models to help you.
make it have its own browser

keys: GEMINI_API_KEY=AIzaSyBJBEWswhbUkTvapcUgaKshbPImitLya-E
GITHUB_TOKEN=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
GITHUB_REPO_NAME=cctvwebsites/deepseek
always update this after so many lines of code or blocks before your chat fails : file:///C:/Users/adico/OneDrive/Desktop/CHATS%20DEEPSEEK/Master-plan.html

if there is anything you want me to here to keep you in the loop tell me i hate loosing you.